DOC-5371 - two phase finality documentation and release notes (#1655)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/community/release-notes.md

## New features and enhancements

### Two Phase Finality

> Two Phase Finality protocol (`FinalityFlow` and `ReceiveFinalityFlow` sub-flows) has been added to improve resiliency and recoverability of CorDapps using finality. Existing CorDapps will not require any changes to take advantage of this new improved protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two Phase Finality protocol (`FinalityFlow` and `ReceiveFinalityFlow` sub-flows) has been added to improve resiliency and recoverability of CorDapps using finality. Existing CorDapps do not require any changes to take advantage of this new improved protocol.
```

See [Two Phase Finality]({{< relref "two-phase-finality.md" >}}).

### Upgraded dependencies 

> The following dependencies have been upgraded to address critical- and high-severity security vulnerabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following dependencies have been upgraded to address critical and high-severity security vulnerabilities:
```

Author: Done (both Community and Ent)

* H2 has been upgraded from 1.4.197 to 2.1.214.
* Hibernate has been upgraded from 5.4.32.Final to 5.6.14.Final.
* Liquibase has been upgraded from 3.6.3 to 4.20.0.

### Consuming transaction IDs added to `vault_state` table 

> When a state is consumed by a transaction, the ID of the consuming transaction is now added to the `vault_state` table in the `consuming_tx_id` column. Note that this database column will only be updated for new transactions; for existing consumed states already in the ledger, the value of this consuming_tx_id will be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a state is consumed by a transaction, Corda now adds the ID of the consuming transaction in the `consuming_tx_id` column of the `vault_state` table . Corda only updates this database column for new transactions; for existing consumed states already in the ledger, the value of `consuming_tx_id` is null.
```

Author: Done (both Community and Ent)

### Two Phase Finality

Two Phase Finality protocol (`FinalityFlow` and `ReceiveFinalityFlow` sub-flows) has been added to improve resiliency and recoverability of CorDapps using finality. Existing CorDapps do not require any changes to take advantage of this new improved protocol.

> Two Phase Finality protocol (`FinalityFlow` and `ReceiveFinalityFlow` sub-flows) has been added to improve resiliency and recoverability of CorDapps using finality. Existing CorDapps do not require any changes to take advantage of this new improved protocol.

Reviewer: Duplicate line.

  A example of how to use this property can be found in [Vault Queries]({{< relref "api-vault-query.md#query-for-all-states-using-a-pagination-specification-and-iterate-using-the-totalstatesavailable-field-until-no-further-pages-available-1" >}}).
  
  
### Database schema changes

> The following database changes have been applied between 4.10 and 4.11:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following database changes have been applied:
```

Author: Done (both Community and Ent)

Two Phase Finality introduces additional data fields within the main `DbTransaction` table:

> ```bash

Author: Changed to kotlin

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```kotlin
```

Author: Done
